---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: page
title: "Singing Voice Conversion with Variable Length Embedding"

---

<li>Shoutong Wang (Zhejiang University) </li>
<li>Jinglin Liu (Zhejiang University) </li>
<li>Yi Ren (Zhejiang University) </li>
<li>Changliang Xu (State Key Laboratory of Media Convergence Production Technology and Systems) </li>
<li>Zhou Zhao (Zhejiang University) </li>

## Abstract

Singing voice conversion (SVC) is to convert the singing voice sung by a source singer to the voice of the target speaker. Previous zero-shot SVC methods convert the singing voice to the target speaker with a fixed-size embedding generated by a pre-trained speaker encoder using single reference audio of the target speaker. However, they face several challenges: 1) the fixed-size speaker embedding is not powerful enough to capture full details of the target timbre; 2) the single reference audio does not contain sufficient timbre information of the target speaker; 3) the pitch inconsistency between different speakers also leads to a degradation in the converted voice. In this paper, we propose a new model called MR-SVC to tackle these problems. Specifically, we employ a multi-head attention-based multi-reference encoder to encode the timbre of the target speaker by consuming multiple reference speech audios. This encoder can capture more details and variations of the target timbre. Besides, we propose a well-designed pitch shift method to address the pitch inconsistency problem. Experiments indicate that our method outperforms the baseline method both in naturalness and similarity. Audio samples are available at "https://mr-svc.github.io".


## Synthesis Results


## Inter-gender and Intra-gender Conversion

## Controlled Singing Voice Generation
